Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
Listen. Kim.
Let's see each other more often. okay?
Min-ji's grown up now.
He's right.
She'll have a boyfriend soon too.
What the hell?
What? You scared?
This has nothing to do with us.
We're middle-aged men
who tolerate injustice.
We're no longer young.
We're just middle-aged men with glasses.
Dad!
I'm sorry.
I've fallen short as a parent
since I'm raising her alone.
I ask that you find it in your heart
to forgive us.
I feel so angry. frustrated. and pathetic.
I don't have a mom.
You're all I have left.
They're the bad ones.
I'm going to make you get on your knees.
Hit me. I said hit me!
Just die!
My dad is Ju Gang-chan.
the chairman of Juhak Construction.
I'll pay whatever you want.
so just get rid of the body.
I owe Chairman Ju.
so I'm making an exception to help you.
Let's keep this a secret from your father.
Did you meet Min-ji yesterday?
I only heard something
about the back gate.
Can I ask a question?
This is your hair tie. right?
Hey. old man. You're dead meat.
Tell me. Where's Min-ji?
Oh Min-cheol…
I'm only keeping you alive
because I believe my daughter is.
If she's not. you. your friends.
and your family will all die.
I took care of the girl's body.
Don't answer it.
and get rid of that phone.
UNABLE TO ACCESS CONVERSATION
Contact them now.
A tier-one wanted fugitive
has been caught on camera.
Go to the South and bring me back
the head of the fake Number 66.
Director. we have a situation.
We can't hand over someone
as dangerous as Kim to the North.
We'll get to him first.
Have you heard from Kim?
I'll try calling him.
It's a dead body!
You should've at least
covered it with plastic. idiot!
"Access denied"?
I'll try it again.
Does that belong to him?
Yes. sir. We confiscated it.
"My daughter"?
5 MONTHS AGO
Hey.
Damn it.
Move.
Watch where you're going.
What a bitch.
Hey. Min-ji.
Lend me your phone.
I got caught playing games.
so they took my phone. I'm so annoyed.
I can't. What about me. then?
I'll give it back
right after fourth period.
Come on. we're friends.
We're best friends!
-Just until fourth period.
-Okay.
Thank you.
Hey.
What's with the crappy phone?
Get a new one already.
This looks like my dad's.
Thank you.
Look at what I got.
-What?
-What is it?
It's pretty. right?
I don't like the color.
It's not my style.
-Nothing beats the latest model.
-It's pretty.
-You know. I bet mine's more expensive.
-It's the latest model.
EPISODE 3
Dad. let's eat.
Dad!
What's all this?
Did you make this?
Yeah. Here. cool off in front of the fan.
It's hot. isn't it?
I may not be good at studying.
but I make a great spicy stir-fried pork.
Thanks.
Why aren't you eating?
Because adults are supposed to eat first.
Is everything okay at work?
-Yeah.
-Everything good?
Do you need anything?
No.
I'm going to the convenience store later.
Do you want anything?
No. I'm okay.
You've had a long day.
How about a massage later?
I'm fine.
I'll at least do the dishes. then.
It's too much for you to do alone.
and I'm all grown up now.
How much do you need?
I don't want money.
I want a new phone.
Is it broken?
No. but I've used it for over three years.
so it'll probably die soon.
Tell me when it dies.
No one uses their phone
until it dies these days.
The other kids get a new phone every year.
No. not even a year.
Some kids get a new one every month.
Want to see my phone?
Look at this.
How can I take this to school?
It's so embarrassing.
It totally sucks.
Or at least get a new one for yourself.
Forget it. I'm eating in my room.
Kim Min-ji!
It wasn't me.
It was the wind.
-I'm home.
-Hey.
Oh my gosh! What's this?
Wait. it's that phone!
Dad.
I love you.
I love you more.
Why did he get me this?
What's this?
It's so tacky.
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
"My daughter"?
What the hell?
Hello?
Is that you. Min-ji?
Min-ji…
The phone you are calling is turned off.
You will be redirected to voicemail.
and charges will apply after the beep.
Have you located him?
We're still looking.
Why is it taking so long
to trace his phone?
We can't get into the data on the phone.
so tracking it by frequency alone
will take a while.
MY DAUGHTER
The phone you are calling is turned off.
You will be redirected to voicemail.
If he's caught on and fled.
there's a chance he destroyed his phone.
Sir. can you go faster?
Sir.
We detected a background check
on Codename 66 by Hwasin Police Station.
Head to the police station.
and reassign the surveillance team
to tracking detail.
-Yes. sir.
-Understood.
Should I put down last year
in the field here?
-Yes. that's right.
-Okay.
Okay.
Sang-a.
Where are you going?
Wow. the coffee is great today.
-I need to take this call.
-Sure.
Hello?
Yes.
All right. sure thing.
Honey.
Hye-ri refuses to come out of her room.
She's skipping school today too?
When I try to go in.
she gets mad and tells me to get out.
Do you happen to know
what her dad does for a living?
Why do you ask?
I don't know.
I'm just curious.
Find out what happened to Hye-ri.
Yes. sir.
JUHAK CONSTRUCTION CO.. LTD.
JU HYE-RI
"Sung Min-ho."
INCOMING. OUTGOING. MISSED
Open the messages.
I REALLY WORKED MY MUSCLES TODAY
SHOULD I DO A FITNESS SHOOT?
DO WHATEVER. BUT MIND YOUR MANNERS
I'M AT SCHOOL. WASN'T EXPECTING THAT
-LOL WHY? TOO HOT FOR YOU?
-UGH…
I MISS YOU
-Min-ho. can you come here today?
-Yeah. what's up?
There's this girl
who doesn't know her place.
so I need to teach her a lesson.
Bring the others too.
Oh. so it's not because you miss me.
Who's the bitch with the nerve
to mess with my Hye-ri?
Her name is Kim Min-ji.
She's got such an attitude
and always talks back to me.
Okay. I'll be right there.
Damn it. I didn't sleep a wink.
Why? Don't you trust me?
I'll take care of everything.
SMH_UNTAMED: LOOKING PRETTY TODAY TOO
Check Sung Min-ho's account.
SUNG MIN-HO
DOWON LAUNDRY
STUDENT ID
KIM MIN-JI. SONGIN HIGH SCHOOL
Comrade. did you find 66?
Well. well.
You said you were hungry.
but it looks like you'll never eat again.
A VP9?
That thing won't go through a frying pan.
much less a person.
Is that so?
It went through.
Rock and roll!
Come on!
You son of a bitch.
Stop punching my stomach.
That's just cheap.
The gun!
The gun. the gun!
Hey. you bastard!
What the hell?
Oops. my knees.
If I were ten years younger…
Where is it?
Oh. there it is.
Man. this guy is something else.
Hold on.
I need to call Kim.
I need to let him know.
Damn it. the police confiscated my phone!
This is insane.
Jeez. that was a brutal fight.
They're so barbaric.
How could they do that
in someone else's house?
And why did he take off the fridge door?
This means Kim was arrested by the police.
Does that make any sense?
There's no other reason for his
background check record to show up.
No matter how I look at it.
it just doesn't add up.
Talk to me.
Someone is after Agent Kim.
I think it's a North Korean operative.
Already?
And Park Jin-cheol
showed up at the scene.
Even Park Jin-cheol?
What game are these bastards playing?
Sir. we have a location
on Agent Kim's phone.
Where? Is it at Hwasin Police Station?
No. sir.
GPS reads N99. E81.
-It's Pure Taekwondo.
-It's a Taekwondo studio. sir.
Taekwondo master. Sung Han-soo.
Former Olympic gold medalist in Taekwondo.
Three-time consecutive world champion.
After retiring.
he was recruited by the government
and infiltrated the North
with Agent Kim and Park Jin-cheol.
SUNG HAN-SOO
NIS SPECIAL RECRUIT
Roundhouse kick! One!
Two!
Nice and clean! Three!
Switch feet!
One!
Two!
-Instructor Choi.
-Yes. sir.
Can you take the kids for gubo?
What does gubo mean?
It's just running.
-Let's go. kids.
-Go for a run.
-Okay!
I was so surprised
that I didn't even know how to react.
What's going on?
You wouldn't have come all the way here
if it wasn't a big deal.
-I need the bunker.
-The bunker?
Did someone steal your bank book
and take off or something?
Min-ji…
What about her?
I read a message
saying she was dead.
-What did you say?
-But then.
I got a call.
What are you talking about?
Explain it so I can understand!
You don't even know if she's alive?
Where is she right now?
All I know is that she was kidnapped.
I got a call. but I couldn't answer it.
I need to get rid of this right now.
but I can't.
Get rid of it? Why?
Did you get into trouble?
They're probably tracking me already.
I'm sorry for bringing you into this.
Han-soo.
Let's trace Min-ji's phone first.
Wow. look who it is.
Someone who'd be in a bind
if they ran into me.
Master. a monster caught me.
Let's see here.
Is there someone
in an even bigger bind inside?
Are you washed-up agents
reminiscing about the good old days?
Let the kid go.
Hey. Taekwondo.
Stay out of this.
You're a South Korean citizen.
so I'll let you off the hook.
But Kim…
I mean…
North Korean-born 66 is different.
That bastard violated the contract.
He's exposed himself to the North.
is what I'm saying.
Let me go. monster!
Hey. kid.
The real monster is your master.
Just look at him.
Gosh. he's scary.
That's a lie! Master. run!
It's a monster!
Two blank rounds.
You haven't changed a bit.
It could be three. Want to shoot and see?
Go around to the emergency exit.
The emergency exit!
Open the door!
Step aside.
Ready.
-Three!
-Four!
Stand down.
Go after them!
Agent Jang. this way!
PURE TAEKWONDO
Hey.
I hope this still works.
There we go.
It's working.
It's been a while. Can you still manage?
You don't forget how to use your fists
just because it's been a while. do you?
I'm sorry.
Now the SMD is on you because of me.
If Tae-hun were in the same situation.
I'd have gone to you first too.
Did you forget how to drive?
Hurry up. Let's go find Min-ji.
ONCE A MARINE. ALWAYS A MARINE
KOREAN MARINE VETERANS FEDERATION
Salute!
Come on. hurry up.
They'll catch up with us soon.
Did you tap into the tower yet?
Frequency isn't locking.
so I'm pulling wide-area data instead.
Who is it?
It's an unknown number.
It could be Min-ji.
Give it to me. You just focus on driving.
-Hello--
-You punk!
You're in big trouble!
Some guy from the North came to kill you.
Be careful.
I should've ended him myself. but…
I'm sorry.
I couldn't jump because I have bad knees.
Anyway. that's not important right now.
Min-ji will be in danger too.
Where's Min-ji's school?
I'll go there right now.
Are you listening?
Hey! Are you listening to me?!
-Jeez. it's as if he's on speaker.
-Hey. you punk!
Hey. where are you? How did you get out?
Oh. you're with him.
I needed some air. so I came out.
You crazy bastard.
You can't just leave lockup for some air.
That's not the issue here.
Let's go to Min-ji right now.
Where's her school?
-She's not at school.
-Why?
We think she's been kidnapped.
What?!
Who's the goddamn bastard?!
Let's talk more in person.
I'll send you the location once I have it.
so get over there right away.
Hold on.
I found it.
Where is it?
Got the location.
It's 8-3. Gongdan-gil. Seonmin-eup.
Gangjang-si. Gyeonggi-do.
Okay. I'll meet you there.
Thank you for your phone. sir.
-Salute!
I'll make sure to repay this favor soon.
It was nothing.
Just buy me a coffee from there. then.
Oh. coffee.
Oh. but I left my wallet in lockup.
May I offer this instead of coffee?
-This is tasty.
-Right?
This is the next best thing to coffee.
Then could you lend me money
for transportation. sir?
-Transportation money?
-Yes. sir.
I'd really appreciate it. sir.
Who is it?
So you're saying
that girl's father did this to you.
He was scary as hell.
I'm telling you. he isn't human.
His body
is freaking covered in scars
and bullet wounds!
Goddamn it. You know whose fault it is
that I'm going through this hell?
It's all because of Hye-ri!
You seem pretty capable.
Ask the higher-ups for more money.
You're saying Hye-ri's involved?
Yes. sir.
Okay.
Get rid of any evidence first.
Yes. sir.
I assume you have no way
of contacting the person
who took Min-ji's body.
I seriously don't know.
You don't know. huh?
Come on. let's go!
-Is this it?
-Yeah.
Come here.
You got a death wish?
Does this look like 100.000 won to you?
But I gave it to you last week.
That was the late fee. you idiot.
Don't you know what that means?
What late fee? I didn't borrow any money.
He keeps talking back to us.
-We've been going easy on you. huh?
-No.
If you take 46.000 won out of 100.000 won.
you have 54.000 won left. right?
Let's make it 1.000 won a hit.
Let me off this time.
I'll bring it tomorrow.
even if I have to steal it.
Why do I have to let you off?
Hey. kids.
Which class is Kim Min-ji in?
Who are you?
Mister. we're busy right now.
So get lost.
Keep moving. or you'll get hurt.
I know Kim Min-ji.
We're in the same class.
I told you to get lost.
What's wrong with the bastard?
-You want to fight?
-I said get lost.
Go get Kim Min-ji.
She's not at school
because she was suspended.
Call her.
I don't know her number.
But you can ask Kang Hye-ryeong.
They're best friends.
so she can use Find Friends.
What? "Find Friends"?
Yes. you can check your friend's location
with your phone.
Where is she right now?
Min-ji has been suspended since yesterday.
-Suspended?
-Yes.
She violated some school policies.
Sorry. one more thing.
I heard her father came here
a few days ago.
Was there a school violence incident?
Goodness. school violence?
You can't be serious.
It was nothing of the sort.
Where did you hear such a rumor?
There's no such thing
as school violence or bullying
at our school.
No such thing.
I have to get going for class now.
Feel free to talk to the others
if you'd like.
Kang Hye-ryeong.
Your fingers look pretty busy
for someone with a headache.
I'm looking up ways
to get rid of my headache.
At least your mouth is in perfect health.
Let's go.
-Okay.
KANG HYE-RYEONG
I swear I'm still not feeling well.
Are you Kang Hye-ryeong?
They say you can locate friends with this.
You can do that. right?
Jeez. you scared me.
I almost had a heart attack.
How long have you been here?
For a while. I was waiting outside.
but it got too cold.
You should've called ahead.
They reassigned the surveillance team
to tracking detail.
Any leads?
I think the reason Agent Kim
went off the rails
has something to do with his daughter.
Right. so that means
we'll find him wherever his daughter is.
Why are you talking like that?
I just wanted to have a little fun. okay?
I've been working at the dry cleaners
for so long
that I can't tell if I'm an SMD agent
or the owner of that place.
I'm having an identity crisis.
I guess you were cut out
for the laundry business.
It could be your calling.
Did you pick up any clues
in the neighborhood?
No. not yet.
Wow. that's cutting-edge.
Times sure have changed.
This abalone is rather tough.
This place isn't great.
Don't you agree?
You must have a reason
for reaching out so suddenly.
I cleared out the other rooms.
so you can talk freely.
It's such a massive project
that I'm not sure how to explain this.
I guess you could say
it's like building an entire city
out in the wasteland.
I'm sure you saw on the news
that the high-level inter-Korean talks
will take place soon.
Do you know
what's at the top of the agenda?
It's to establish a free-trade zone
through a South-North joint venture.
That's good news.
We're in an era of peace now.
not confrontation.
For a project of this scale.
only a firm like Juhak Construction
can deliver.
That's just my thought. but…
Please continue.
The thing is.
I can't make this decision alone.
I need a good reason
to convince the other assemblymen.
Don't worry about the funding.
I'll provide whatever you need.
Goodness. you put it so bluntly.
I like that you and I
speak the same language.
If a problem can't be solved with money.
it's because you don't have enough.
And if it still doesn't work…
If it doesn't?
Just give me a list of the people
who can't be convinced.
So Min-ji has disappeared somewhere…
and her father is looking for her?
We don't have a current location on him.
We ran a background check.
but access was denied.
Something's off.
Is this the place?
Yeah. third floor.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Seriously. man.
Jeez. there are so many of them.
Hey. mister.
You can't just walk in here. Please leave.
How did they get in?
Damn it. Hey. Taekwondo. Get out.
-What's with the uniform?
-Darn it.
I should've changed before coming.
I have lots of nice outfits.
This might take some time.
We don't have time.
We'll push through the way they would.
So you're going to play the thug. huh?
Who's the head here?
Is it you?
What a joke.
What head?
Your blockhead?
My guys told you to leave.
Get lost.
Let's just say it's you.
Songin High School. Grade 11. Class 7.
Brown jacket. yellow hoodie.
a heart keychain on her phone.
Has anyone seen her?
No. sir.
If not. then get out of my way.
Or else I'll skin you alive.
Which way?
That way.
-Wait.
-Damn it. he said not to let anyone in.
Then go with them!
You think I'm crazy?
What are you all doing?
I've got it here. You…
I'm in this mess
because I have such good friends.
-You need to choose your friends wisely.
-What's he talking about?
Hey. get him!
Boss.
Someone's coming.
I told you not to let any of the guys in.
It's not one of our guys.
It's some middle-aged guy.
Who cares if it's a kid or a boomer?
I told them to stay away. but they didn't.
So now they're dead.
Come on. I'm the queen of investing.
Let's study investing together.
I'll send you a link.
You want to meet up?
I'm a little busy this week.
What are you talking about?
There's no one else but you.
Hang on.
Sir. he keeps saying he wants to meet up.
How much did we get from him?
About 30 million won this time.
Just play it off. Say you're traveling.
Jeez. I can't do this crap anymore.
Hey.
What the hell?
Just leave quietly.
Move.
Didn't you hear what the boss said?
Sir.
It's not like that.
This bastard suddenly--
So you know how to box.
I'll pop your eyes and eardrums.
I'm different from the punks out there.
You're just a punk who knows how to box.
He's going to kill him.
Someone go and stop Hyeong-min.
I think that's Hyeong-min's voice.
Who's that old man?
Are you a cop?
You think a knife won't go through a cop?
They're all lumps of flesh in the end.
Hey. mister.
Didn't they tell you to stay out?
Hey. take him down.
Who wants another beating?
No takers? Then get out.
Get out!
Jeez. my knees.
Wow. that was amazing.
You're so cool.
Do you run a mobile phone store?
Where did you get that phone?
What do you mean?
Oh. this?
Where did I get this from again?
Hold on.
Let me check the photo.
Darn. I feel like I should remember.
Oh. I know.
It's the girl
I messed around with last night.
Kim!
Are you going to kill him?
We need to ask him where Min-ji is.
Think carefully before you answer.
Do you know who Kim Min-ji is?
I don't.
I've never seen her before.
I swear!
Then tell me.
Where did you get this from?
The thing is…
Damn.
That's a nice phone. How about this?
Ta-da.
Want to trade?
-Hello. sir.
-Hello.
-Show us your haul.
-On the table.
Be gentle. man.
Did you unlock them?
Yes. we unlocked the ones
to sell as burners.
And I told the guys
to fix the ones with cracked screens.
Hyeong-min.
Any girls' phones?
Are there any with sexy bikini photos?
I have a good feeling about this.
I think she'll be pretty.
Let me see.
Oh. look at that.
She's pretty cute.
This is it?
How boring.
Keep going.
DAD
I knew it.
Her dad is the only one
in her call history.
I guess she only has her dad.
Hey.
Bring me another one.
Hello?
-Is that you. Min-ji?
-What the hell?
Damn it. I pressed the wrong button.
DAD
So I turned off the phone right away.
Hold on.
What did you just say?
I turned off the phone.
No.
Before that.
About the call history.
I only saw "Dad" in it.
There wasn't a single friend.
Oh.
HYE-RYEONG
There was one.
Kang Hye-ryeong.
I need the name of a close friend
and their phone number.
-Kim Min-ji!
-Kang Hye-ryeong.
Her number is 010-0610-6003.
I'm staying at Hye-ryeong's tonight.
so don't call me.
But I don't know
if I'd call her a friend.
Min-ji. can I borrow 20.000 won?
Can you lend me your phone?
Lend me your phone.
What's with the crappy phone?
Lend me your gym clothes.
Thank you.
Sorry. I lost your gym clothes.
It's my birthday tomorrow.
Can you buy me foundation?
It looked like…
she was just using her.
I had no idea.
I pray
For you
You'll be protected
So that my hopes reach you--
Kim Min-ji.
At least help me clean
if you're staying home on the weekend.
Why are you holed up in your room?
Go hang out with your friends instead.
It's hot outside.
It's hot in your room too.
Take this and come out.
I didn't do anything wrong.
She and her girls kept harassing me.
I took it for as long as I could
before fighting back!
Kim Min-ji.
Be quiet.
Jeez. wash your clothes.
I said don't look at me like that!
That's enough.
Stop picking on that pathetic kid.
Come out.
Why?
Why didn't I notice sooner?
Hey.
Get it together.
There's no time to get emotional.
It must've been so hard for her.
My poor Min-ji…
I know you've tried hard.
And I know you're hurting a lot.
Han-soo.
But you're her dad.
So let's find Min-ji first.
You can't apologize unless you do.
So?
Where did you get this again?
Sorry?
At Hwasin Station.
I took it from a homeless man.
Let's go.
Here you are.
Fake 66.
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
EPILOGUE
Name?
Age?
Family?
Right.
What's the point of any of this?
Your name and identity
are all a secret anyway. right?
Why are you keeping me alive?
That's a good question.
Well. let's see.
Killing you won't speed up reunification.
And depending on the situation.
we might be able to help each other out.
I have this feeling
that you could be
of some sort of help to us.
Yeah. a gut feeling.
Are you asking me to betray my homeland?
Goodness.
How can a man with no name. age. or family
have a homeland?
Here comes the guy
who hunts down people like you.
Come in.
Goodness.
Look who's here to grace this fine place
with their lowly presence.
It's Park Jin-cheol.
Life or death.
Fight to the end!
From up north
and down south.
Go on.
Greet your fellow top dog.
Is this that buddy?
He's not quite a buddy yet.
Hey. comrade.
Before we decide
whether you'll be our buddy or a commie.
let's assess your skills first.
Don't kill him just yet.
A soldier either kills or gets killed.
Don't hold back
if you want to live.
If I want to live?
I have no desire to live.
I'm just…
keeping the promise I made
to my only friend.
I like that.
What's your name?
It's 73.
No.
It's 66.
Bring it on. 66.
AGENT KIM REACTIVATED
I expected someone would be watching me.
If he doesn't want his precious daughter
to go to prison…
Crush him.
Stop!
What are you. a damn deer?!
You know whose phone this is. don't you?
Did you check if she was dead?
Promise me…
you'll survive.
I'll take good care of the body
in the meantime.
Subtitle translation by: Jenny Kim
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today